I
the south
drunken being sick I feel like I'll draw
a curve I ever miss a lot and i'll be
stocking outs away with it was a plateau
satellite i'm a featherweight champion
see to get this caddy worried i hope
show you guys to make fruit salad and
this is a recipe that I'm and seeing as
I go along so I'm not quite sure how
they'll turn out but give you a review
at the end and see how that is this is
Ella she's my assistant for the day say
hi to the internet slide you use it's
just that's cute it looks like like frog
to it was like frog juice for most
tapioca in it I made frosting this happy
with up to me cupcakes the other day and
it looks like Froggatt but these
delicious not really bothers once that
other than right now and I don't measure
things from I cook so oh that's all the
stuff is enough to be good they're the
frog eggs Barrett lodges wait for it
there like a good translucent and round
that stuff when you cook them okay do
you have any wooden spoons this isn't my
kitchen this is why
ya estoy trap to the boil of on hmm it
cooks for 20 minutes and I play joking
ok do you have a cutting board yeah I
ask your service fascism before I
cherries are good if they're like really
i don't know like not juicy but like
sour you know like i like typing shame
see what kind of knife you need just
like he was having night yes are you
taking seats out yeah you know it's
really good they accept this really
delicious kind of vegan ice cream made
of rice milk and stuff and it was
vanilla and i used to cut up cherries
and um cut up chocolate and like put
them in the blender together with the
ice cream and it made this bill was just
like cherry chip ice cream I swear to
god it's good i'm faces at me you're
going to wait that guy's face he was not
bass all day what was he lon he was just
um we know you wasn't if she was she got
like severe munchies severe extreme
this
basically what we're doing here is we're
just boiling is the fruit juice and
tapioca to make a sauce and it kind of
smells nasty and it kind of looks messy
but I'll taste delicious I hope so just
try and keep it boiling until the
tapioca is that like coke tapioca stayed
okay so i just added another one of
those cans full of water because this
was scorching and the tapioca is still
cooking and I have all the fruit cut up
which are the charities to kiwis an
apple and it's all going to go in that
bowl that's going to be beautiful
Stephanie eat them adds that once I made
a fruit salad for French stuff turned up
really bad so so that's my god turn out
so well ok now the sauce is finished as
it's cooled off so we're going to add it
to the fruits our
okay these are a bowl and spoons and
this is our fruit salad tapioca added
and it has melted frozen raspberries in
there and that's why it's so red and
nice I'll put all the ingredients and
instructions and the description box my
memory card filled up before so i can
give you a review when I was with Ella
but the fritz altern that really really
good was really strong tasting so rave
reviews from Ella and I who are the ones
who ate it and I should have the recipe
in the description bar down below next
week we're doing a question answer theme
so if you've got questions leave them
down below and I will answer them back